Release notes for plugin publishing 1.2.0 (#24671)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

For more details, see the [user manual](userguide/codenarc_plugin.html).

> ### Plugin publishing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Plugin publishing to the Gradle Plugin Portal
```

> 

Reviewer: And I would add a general link to the documentation here.

Reviewer: And mention that these require version `1.2.0` of the plugin.

For more details, see the [user manual](userguide/codenarc_plugin.html).

### Plugin publishing to the Gradle Plugin Portal

> Version [1.2.0](https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/com.gradle.plugin-publish/1.2.0) of the [Gradle Plugin Portal](https://plugins.gradle.org/) is now available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version [1.2.0](https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/com.gradle.plugin-publish/1.2.0) of the `com.gradle.plugin-publish` plugin is now available.
It is required to benefit from the features and bugfixes listed below.

See [documentation](userguide/publishing_gradle_plugins.html) for more details.
```
